---
title: "somedays just to live is courage"
date: 2017-07-26T20:42:10-07:00
draft: false
---


Wed 842 pm July 26 2017-06
I don't have anything to type anymore. I've been sober for a full 7 days now, and I'm pissed.
I am angry. I will use this anger to get shit done, like log work hours, work on music


[Todd] hooked me up big time at the [fab lab](https://santacruz.ideafablabs.com/), and I met Chris and Jordan. Chris Maddox printed the first versions of POLIWAT for me and I'm super amped on it. Right after this and logging work hours I'm going to the spend the rest of the night testing connections and maybe soldering.


Yeah I don't feel like journalling today. I feel like working out and working. No I feel like smoking and drinking, but those are off the plate so far. Why am I pissed? Doesn't matter, use it to your advantage. Every moment and emotion is fleeting. It's all about focusing on your contribution to the world, in a playful way.

why doesnt mcdonalds deliver?

I splurged and ate two trader joes salads today. I was feeling it. About to eat a yogurt. I'm only eating really healthy now.

Based on my inbox, the internet will not be homogenized is all I can think of sharing today.

These are are lyrics, please steal them. It's a failed and unfinished project because I'm a control freaky

the internet will not be homogenized

(matt /jack playing congas in jack’s studio, michael with microhpone)
formatted like” https://youtu.be/QnJFhuOWgXg

the internet will not be homogenized
the internet will not be brought to you by facebook
targeted ads algorithms that deliver you goods via drone
before you think you want it yet

Internet service providers will not be the gatekeepers
ISPs will not throttle thoughts
ISPs will not data discriminate
poor people will have the same internet as the rich
the internet is a human right
that’s the 31st ammendment on the bill of rights
we just haven’t wrote it yet
put that generation in charge

for those of you that don’t know
buzz feed that the modern day simple speak
1984 sold out since trump got prophecy

but if you gotta pay extra for the cheese then

the internet’s sites will not be bundled and throttled as a pay-per-package system
the internet will remain in control of the people

Game of thrones

dan harmon’s podcast will not cost extra
we will not care when the next rick and morty ep comes out if it costs an extra 40 bucks a month to access adult swim

the internet will remain free and open
tim berner’s lee is

article 31 of the bill of rights will state the free and open internet is a human right


pay monthly access

pay by packages and

the internet will not be bottlenecked bullied beaten by ISP's and controlled for profit
the internet will not be the next tv

the internet will not be bad for the soul

5 50 and 15 year olds regardless of income will be able to access all sites lord willing

amazon prime delivered via drone before you think to order it
the internet will not go down to corporations

the internet brings the poorest with more information than the raegan administration
the internet brings the first real equalizer in thousands of years since club were first used

the internet will be free and open
a human right like the ocean or woods
the internet will not suffer because suffering folks are in charge of the white house

the internet will never be a complete safe space, brave space rat race
the internet will not be a rat race
the internet will remain in the power of the people and the people in the power of the internet will choose

tim berner’s lee will not die to a 404’d noose

the internet will not be brought to you as pay-per-access site,
cnn

bloggers will always be assholes

don’t mean to dot com burst your bubble but the internet will remain open, 24/7, except when the servers crash from DDos attacks
but that’s old school news now that
software will be pirated and used for creative means until they make money
then they will buy the software

dearfcc.org
the internet will not be homogenized
the internet will not be privatized
the internet will not be categorized by tier pay-per-package bundles
steam and google and youtube will always be the same price
Dear FCC, the internet is not a TV
digital democracy isn’t easy
neither was my ex but the one thing even we could agree on was
total Net Neutrality

discrimination already prevalent in this nation
in these times is not going to hit data
data discrimination human rights violation

ISPs will be regulated and treated like people
like they said they wanted
therefore people Die and so ISP’s need a shelf life of say 80 years
like people
then they will be dismantled distributed out

the internet will not be the next television
tool of the elite to control how we think, buy
the internet will not divide us
the internet will unite us

ISP’s will not be gatekeepers
secretaries will be our gatekeepers

net neutrality is non-negotiable
all internet traffic will remain equal

you don’t pay extra to use the carpool lane
freeways don’t cost extra if you want to use a certain lane

 "Net neutrality is the principle that Internet service providers and governments regulating the Internet should treat all data on the Internet the same, not discriminating or charging differentially by user, content, website, platform, application, type of attached equipment, or mode of communication.[1] The term was coined by Columbia University media law professor Tim Wu in 2003, as an extension of the longstanding concept of a common carrier, which was used to describe the role of telephone systems.[2][3][4][5] "

alexa and siri always listening

the internet will not control you you will control it
you will be in the drivers seat
the internet will not be homogenized

Reference:
(http://i.imgur.com/qtENxAG.jpg)

(https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2017/05/fcc-needs-cut-through-noise-and-listen-publics-support-net-neutrality)

(https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Net_neutrality)

(https://www.savetheinternet.com/sti-home)

(https://www.publicknowledge.org/issues/net-neutrality)
